menuconfig SPI
	bool "SPI Support"
	help
	  The "Serial Peripheral Interface" is a low level synchronous
          protocol.  Chips that support SPI can have data transfer rates
          up to several tens of Mbit/sec.  Chips are addressed with a
          controller and a chipselect.  Most SPI slaves don't support
          dynamic device discovery; some are even write-only or read-only.

          SPI is widely used by microcontrollers to talk with sensors,
          eeprom and flash memory, codecs and various other controller
          chips, analog to digital (and d-to-a) converters, and more.
          MMC and SD cards can be accessed using SPI protocol; and for
          DataFlash cards used in MMC sockets, SPI must always be used.

          SPI is one of a family of similar protocols using a four wire
          interface (select, clock, data in, data out) including Microwire
          (half duplex), SSP, SSI, and PSP.  This driver framework should
          work with most such devices and controllers.

if SPI

config DM_SPI
	bool "Enable Driver Model for SPI drivers"
	depends on DM
	help
	  Enable driver model for SPI. The SPI slave interface
	  (spi_setup_slave(), spi_xfer(), etc.) is then implemented by
	  the SPI uclass. Drivers provide methods to access the SPI
	  buses that they control. The uclass interface is defined in
	  include/spi.h. The existing spi_slave structure is attached
	  as 'parent data' to every slave on each bus. Slaves
	  typically use driver-private data instead of extending the
	  spi_slave structure.

config SPI_MEM
	bool "SPI memory extension"
	help
	  Enable this option if you want to enable the SPI memory extension.
	  This extension is meant to simplify interaction with SPI memories
	  by providing an high-level interface to send memory-like commands.

if DM_SPI

config SPI_SUNXI
	bool "Allwinner SoC SPI controllers"
	default ARCH_SUNXI
	help
	  Enable the Allwinner SoC SPi controller driver.

	  Same controller driver can reuse in all Allwinner SoC variants.

endif # if DM_SPI

endif # menu "SPI Support"
